feat: protected cluster outputs (#271)
kube-logging/kube-logging.github.io: content/docs/configuration/output.md

- For the details of the supported output plugins, see {{% xref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-outputs/_index.md" %}}.
- For the details of `SyslogNGOutput` custom resource, see {{% xref "/docs/configuration/crds/v1beta1/syslogng_output_types.md" %}}.
- For the details of `SyslogNGClusterOutput` custom resource, see {{% xref "/docs/configuration/crds/v1beta1/syslogng_clusteroutput_types.md" %}}.

## protected flag cluster outputs

Since versions:

- 4.7 for Fluentd
- 5.0 for Syslog-ng

> You can set the `protected` flag on `ClusterOutput's` and `SyslogNGClusterOutput's`. This prevents unauthorized Flows from sending logs to these outputs, protecting them from potential spam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `protected` flag on a `ClusterOutput` and `SyslogNGClusterOutput`. This prevents namespaced `Flows` and `SyslogNGFlows` from sending logs to these outputs and only allows `ClusterFlows` and `SyslogNGClusterFlows` to reference it.
```

> By default, ClusterOutputs can be referenced by any Flow. Setting the `protected` flag restricts this access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ClusterOutputs` can be referenced by any `Flow`. Setting the `protected` flag restricts this access to `ClusterFlows` only.
```
